Add ISSUE#23071 to CHANGES.md (#23297)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

## Bugfixes

* Fixed X (Java/Python) ([#X](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/X)).

> * Fixed `AfterProcessingTime` behavior in `DirectRunner` for Python to match Java

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* Fixed `AfterProcessingTime` behavior in Python's `DirectRunner` to match Java
```
(the current way is fie too)
